Library
=======
At the heart of the tec package is the TEC class. This class implements the functionality of a thermionic energy conversion device. To simulate the performance of a TEC, the user instantiates a TEC object and calls methods to acquire data about its present state (e.g. output power density, efficiency, etc.). The following paragraphs describe the general features of the TEC class; see the class documentation for the specifics.

There are many different models of electron transport through a TEC. A major objective of the TEC class is to provide a generic interface for the user without requiring the user to understand the arcane specificities of the particular model. The TEC class is written so that it can be subclassed in order to implement an arbitrary model.

The question at the heart of all models of electron transport across a TEC is: how is the electron motive calculated? Therefore, the TEC class and any subclass essentially addresses that question. The TEC class is instantiated with data describing its state. A call to a method of the TEC class results in the calculation of the electron motive and any associated model-dependent metadata. Acquiring this data and metadata is generally the most computationally intensive calculation that must be performed and so it is calculated only once and stored in the TEC object for subsequent calculations. If the data of the TEC object is modified so as to change the motive, the motive data and metadata of the TEC object is deleted and new motive data and metadata are calculated. The TEC class provides methods to retrieve the data and metadata associated with the calculation of the motive. The nature of this data and metadata may vary depending on the specifics of the model. The TEC class and any subclass has a description of the algorithm used to calculate the motive as well as a description of the data and metadata generated during the calculation of the motive.

The TEC class treats its data similar to a python dictionary. TEC objects have two data fields: Emitter and Collector. The data of each field is an Electrode object. The data for each electrode of the TEC is enough to fully specify the state of the TEC object. As mentioned previously, the TEC class provides methods to return values of interest to the user such as output power density, Carnot efficiency, or back current density.

The TEC parent class implements the most basic model: it ignores the negative space charge effect and calculates a linear motive between the emitter vacuum level and collector vacuum level.
